         PSX/XP MOVER BINARY DISTRIBUTION LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER
                         License Version 1.0

PSX/XP Mover is being developed and published as Open Source under the
MIT license but couldn't have been done without the help of other
software dependencies, which are subject to several additional licenses.
Source code needs to be compiled to a binary in order to be loaded into
the simulator as a plugin.

This "binary distribution license" aims to provide an initial high-level
explanation and collective disclaimer and should mainly be seen as an
additional preamble, applying to the binary end product but not restricting
the availability or permissions associated with its MIT-licensed source code
or the dependencies it has been linked with. This license does not substitute
or restrict any of the original licenses of the plugin or its dependencies.
Users should carefully read and must accept all applicable licenses and
disclaimers.

If you do not agree to or cannot fulfill any of the terms set by either
license or disclaimer, then you are required to immediately discontinue use
of PSX/XP Mover and may be obliged to delete all copies you received or
created.


1. Disclaimer

In addition to each license detailing how recipients are being granted
permissions to use the software, they also generally contain warranty and
liability disclaimers. While all original disclaimers remain in full effect,
the following disclaimer, based on the plugin source's primary MIT license,
and the provided examples shall act as a summary of what (not) to expect:

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Put in simple words:

- PSX/XP Mover likely has bugs and you cannot legally demand to have them
  corrected or receive compensation for anything (also remember that,
  at least if obtained from official project locations, this plugin is
  provided to you free of charge)

- If you choose to connect machinery such as, for example, a force feedback
  yoke, motorized thrust lever or even a moving platform to your sim and
  influence it (directly or indirectly) through PSX/XP Mover, then you or
  others may actually get physically injured. No matter if that's due to a
  bug or intended operation of the plugin, it's entirely on you (the user),
  not "us" (the developers and authors) to deal with the consequences/damage.
  "We" will also not compensate anyone for damage to property such as a
  broken hardware part or a burnt-down house.

- in short: use at your own risk

This is just a license-side disclaimer; for furher information read
DISCLAIMER.txt.


2. Compliance

It may be possible that you or your country are subject to additional
regulations such as US export restrictions incl. special terms of use
concerning the operating system you are using this plugin on. You, the user,
acknowledge that such restrictions are not always feasible to be checked for
you when it comes to distribution of free and Open Source software such as
this poject. Therefore, you accept that it is your own responsibility to remain
in compliance with all additional terms and conditions concerning for example,
but not limited to, your local jurisdiction, the place of import/use of the
plugin or the computer environment you install it to, incl. proper licensing of
the operating system and its components.


3. Linking, Combined Work

When source code is being compiled to binaries, all dependencies are being
linked to or into the resulting file(s). During that process, individual
dependencies may become inseparable from the end product (static linking).

In general, the inclusion of dependencies may constitute a "combined work".

These terms may be referred to by some dependencies' licenses.


4. Connected Applications

PSX/XP Mover offers registers DataRefs (globally shared variabled) in
X-Plane which can be interfaced with by other plugins or applications.
This distribution license and additional disclaimer explicitly do not
cover or restrict those applications.

Each interfacing application is free to choose its own license(s) and
disclaimer(s) as long as it does not interfere with any terms and conditions
set by the individual licenses of PSX/XP Mover and its dependencies.


5. Redistribution & Forks

In case you decide to bundle PSX/XP Mover with another product, please include
the complete official distribution package or its unaltered contents. Please do
not replace existing installations without confirmation.
When building an installer, the recommended way would be to offer the plugin as
an option, possibly checking for an existing installation and disabling that
option by default, if found.

When forking or distributing your own builds of PSX/XP Mover, please check if
and how this "binary distribution license" still applies to you or your work
and make the necessary changes. Also make sure to update copyright information,
while retaining all original notes. In addition to conditions made by original
licenses, it should be noted that some forms of distribution as well as
anything published e.g. by commercial entities may in some jurisdictions not
be entitled to disclaim warranty & liability. Please check the project's
website(s) and source repositories for more information and seek legal advice
(not provided by the project), if necessary.

Note that even bundling the original package may in some cases require
warranty and liability to be provided by the distributor. It may be
preferable to just refer users to the original website(s) to obtain the plugin
as a separate copy.

If you make modifications to this "binary distribution license", please give
it a new name to clearly distinguish it from the original and avoid
confusion.


6. Severability

In case any condition of this license may be invalid or conflict with itself
or an original license of PSX/XP Mover or its various dependencies, the part that
is in question shall be substituted while following the original intent as
closely as possible. Original licenses always take precedence, if in
conflict.
